`azurerm_app_configuration_key`: Documentation of  necessary permissions (#13526)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/app_configuration_key.html.markdown

Manages an Azure App Configuration Key.

> -> **Note:** Due to the way `azurerm` gets data access to App Configuration to modify the keys, you need AD authorization (`App Configuration Data Owner`) for your service principal, MSI or users on the App Configuration resource (or higher level, i.e. Resource Group, Subscription). Check the [Azure documentation for App Configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-app-configuration/concept-enable-rbac#azure-built-in-roles-for-azure-app-configuration) for more info.

Reviewer: Perhaps this'd be clearer as:

```suggestion
-> **Note:** App Configuration Keys are provisioned using a Data Plane API which requires the role `App Configuration Data Owner` on either the App Configuration or a parent scope (such as the Resource Group/Subscription). [More information can be found in the Azure Documentation for App Configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-app-configuration/concept-enable-rbac#azure-built-in-roles-for-azure-app-configuration).
```

WDYT?

Author: Perfect, thanks! 🥇
